Terms of use The ‘target_z’ data analysis framework, written in the R programming language for statistical computing and graphics, is provided under the Creative Commons licence: Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0). The below reference, in English or Swedish shall be clearly presented in systems where target_z is implemented, together with the SLU logotype.

Reference (English) This system is based on target_z [version] by Kristin Persson and Mats Söderström, licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. The target_z scripts were developed within the Laboratory for intelligent agricultural decision support systems (LADS; www.slu.se/LADS) at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences (SLU) with funding from Swedish farmers’ foundation for agricultural research (contract: O-18-20-162), Formas contract: 2019-02280) and Region Västra Götaland/SLU contracts: RUN 2018-00141 and 2021-00020).

Reference (Swedish) Detta system är baserat på target_z [version] av Kristin Persson och Mats Söderström, licensierad under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. R-skripten har utvecklats inom Laboratory for intelligent agricultural decision support systems (LADS; www.slu.se/LADS) vid Sveriges lantbruksuniversitet (SLU)med finansiering från Stiftelsen lantbruksforskning (dnr: O-18-20-162) Formas(dnr: 2019-02280)och Västragötalandsregionen / SLU (dnr: RUN 2018-00141 och 2021-00020).

Disclaimer: The target_z scripts may not be free of errors and no warranty is provided or implied. All persons and organizations mentioned above assume no liability for damages, direct of consequential, that may result from the use of target_z. For further information, please contact Kristin Persson or Mats Söderström, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences (SLU),P.O. Box 234, SE-53223 Skara, Sweden. E-mail: given name.surname(at)slu.se.
